[feat] Individual selection of Level Zero and/or OpenCL runtimes for SPIR-V (#608)
beehive-lab/TornadoVM: docs/source/spirv-backend.rst

- ``-Dtornado.spirv.version=1.2``: Modify the minimum version supported. By default is 1.2. However, developers can change this value. Note that the generated code might not work, as TornadoVM requires at least 1.2.

> - ``-Dtornado.spirv.runtimes=opencl,levelzero``: It sets the list of supported runtimes to dispatch SPIR-V. Allowed values are: ``opencl`` and ``levelzero``. They are sepated by a comma, and the first in the list is taken as deafult. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``-Dtornado.spirv.runtimes=opencl,levelzero``: It sets the list of supported runtimes to dispatch SPIR-V. Allowed values are: ``opencl`` and ``levelzero``. They are separated by a comma, and the first in the list is taken as default. 
```

- ``-Dtornado.spirv.version=1.2``: Modify the minimum version supported. By default is 1.2. However, developers can change this value. Note that the generated code might not work, as TornadoVM requires at least 1.2.

- ``-Dtornado.spirv.default.dispatcher=opencl``: It sets the runtime to dispatch SPIR-V kernels. Allowed values are: ``opencl`` and ``levelzero``.

> - ``-Dtornado.spirv.runtimes=opencl,levelzero``: It sets the list of supported runtimes to dispatch SPIR-V. Allowed values are: ``opencl`` and ``levelzero``.

Author: The flags serve different purpuses:

The `-Dtornado.spirv.default.dispatcher` selects the default one. This is useful when you have multiple runtimes enabled (E.g., OpenCL and Level Zero).

The ``-Dtornado.spirv.runtimes=opencl,levelzero`` selects a list of all supported runtimes we want to enable. This is a new flag. If we only want the OpenCL runtime, we can select it here. 

The SPIR-V backend is a bit different compared to the CUDA or OpenCL in TornadoVM, because SPIR-V can be used with multiple runtimes. 

| Backend | Runtime Selector | Default | 
|---------------|-------------|-------------|
|  SPIR-V        |    OpenCL   |   OpenCL 
|  SPIR-V        |    Level Zero  | Level Zero | 
| SPIR-V         | OpenCL,LevelZero (both)   | Select which one |
